Added getting support in README.md (#2595)
spring-projects/spring-kafka: README.md

* A few unit tests would help a lot as well - someone has to do it.
* If no-one else is using your branch, please rebase it against the current main (or another target branch in the main project).

# Getting Support

> Check out the [Spring Kafka tags on Stack Overflow](https://stackoverflow.com/questions/tagged/spring-kafka). [Commercial support](https://spring.io/support) is available too.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Use the [`spring-kafka` tag on Stack Overflow](https://stackoverflow.com/questions/tagged/spring-kafka) to ask questions; include code and configuration and clearly explain your problem, providing an [MCRE](https://stackoverflow.com/help/minimal-reproducible-example) if possible.
[Commercial support](https://spring.io/support) is also available.
```
